h1. Linccer API for Android

h2. Description  

The Android Linccer binding provides a UI thread aware variant of the Java API to communicate with the RESTful Linccer Services:

bc.. 
AsyncLinccer linccer = 
      new AsyncLinccer(new ClientDescription("Demo Android App"));

// publish a gps position obtained from Android's LocationListener
linccer.onGpsChanged(location);

// publish a wifi data obtained from Android's WifiManager
wifiManager = (WifiManager) pContext.getSystemService(Context.WIFI_SERVICE);
linccer.onWifiScanResults(wifiManager.getScanResults());

// creating and Android event handler to give user feedback
Handler handler = new Handler() {
            @Override
            public void handleMessage(Message msg) {
                  String toast = "transfer failed";
                  if (msg.what == AsyncLinccer.MessageType.SHARED)
                     toastMessage = "sharing faild";
                  else if (msg.what == AsyncLinccer.MessageType.RECEIVED)
                     toastMessage = "received " + (JSONObject) msg.obj;
                  
                  Toast.makeText(this, toastMessage, Toast.LENGTH_LONG).show();
            }
         };

// safely pass data to an other client here and now
linccer.asyncShare("one-to-one", 
                    new JSONObject("{ 'demo' : 'arbitrary json' }"), 
                    handler);

// safely receive passed data from an other client here and now
linccer.asyncReceive("one-to-one", handler);

p. More examples can be found at https://github.com/hoccer/android-demos.

h2. Install and try out

* get the Android API source code with @git clone git@@@github.com:hoccer/android-api.git@
* fetch the Java API submodule with @git submodule --init update@ 
* make sure you have the latest ADT Eclipse plugin. Previous versions had problems with library projects containing a dash in the project name
* start your new Android Project and add Android API source project as am Android Library Project (as described in http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/projects/projects-eclipse.html "Referencing a library project")

h2. Deployment

* obtain your own API Key from "developer.hoccer.com":http://developer.hoccer.com
* use a ClientConfig constructor apiKey and sharedSecret parameters
* change service base from sandbox.hoccer.com to hoccer.com

h2. Remarks

Also have a look at the Linccer Java-API which is included as a GIT submodule in this project. If you want to "git clone" this code directly from GitHub, remember to update the submodule with

bc. git submodule update --init

h2. Licensing

This code is dual licensed (commercial and GPL v3). See LICENSE file for more informations about the GPL. Alternative licensing without the obligations of the GPL is available upon request.

h2. Further Reading

Please check the general "Linccer documentation":http://developer.hoccer.com/about_api.html.
